When would you want to use remote repository, rather than storing on your local directory?
When multiple people might want to make changes to a same file
When we want to access files from multiple location


Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
If git automatically syncs with our local repository then there might be many commits which are logically not accurate, i.e. they do not define a single logical change


Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Fork : is a copy of a git repo on git-hub into another account on gib -hub
Clone : When you download a git repo from git-hub onto your local machine
Branches:branch is a series of reachable commit starting from the tip of the branch i.e. the last commit

Fork is for cloning other projects on git-hub, when we also want to link back to the original and need to make a copy on gib-hub itself

Clone , when we download the repo so that we can make our changes offline
Branch When we wan too add a commit in a logical sequence

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
With a copy of last known state we can easily pull any changes made in the remote, also with git diff ew can compare what new changes are added in the meantime

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
We need to have a common file with all the updates and a master file which will show the final updated version. Also need to keep track of all edit requests , need to keep the version updated with latest changes

Sharing the code with others would be difficult
Code updating will be difficult
how to keep track of different versions?
how to keep the final code working


When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
When we want to make changes and get feedback on our branch , before actually committing to the master branch.
It gives us feedback
Also it keeps the changes contained.
also helps in creating a pull request to get feedback from other users.

